ML predictor integration into pvacseq (#1333)
griffithlab/pVACtools: docs/pvacseq/output_files.rst

   * - ``ui.R``, ``app.R``, ``server.R``, ``styling.R``, ``anchor_and_helper_functions.R``
     - pVACview R Shiny application files. Not generated when running only with presentation and immunogenicity algorithms.
   * - ``www`` (directory)
     - Directory containing image files for pVACview. Not generated when running with presentation and immunogenicity algorithms only.  
   * - ``MHC_Class_I/<sample_name>.MHC_I.all_epitopes.aggregated.ML_predict.tsv`` (optional)

>      - A version of the ``<sample_name>.MHC_I.all_epitopes.aggregated.tsv`` with ML-based neoantigen evaluation predictions. Generated when both MHC Class I and Class II predictions are run and the ``--run-ml-predictions`` flag is set. Written to the same folder as the Class I aggregated file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * - ``<sample_name>.MHC_I.all_epitopes.aggregated.ML_predict.tsv`` (optional)
     - A version of the ``<sample_name>.MHC_I.all_epitopes.aggregated.tsv`` with ML-based neoantigen evaluation predictions. Generated when both MHC Class I and Class II predictions are run and the ``--run-ml-predictions`` flag is set. Written only to the ``MHC_Class_I`` folder.
```

   * - ``ui.R``, ``app.R``, ``server.R``, ``styling.R``, ``anchor_and_helper_functions.R``
     - pVACview R Shiny application files. Not generated when running only with presentation and immunogenicity algorithms.
   * - ``www`` (directory)
     - Directory containing image files for pVACview. Not generated when running with presentation and immunogenicity algorithms only.  
   * - ``ml_predict/<sample_name>_predict_pvacview.tsv`` (optional)
     - ML-based neoantigen evaluation predictions file. Generated when both MHC Class I and Class II predictions are run and the ``--run-ml-predictions`` flag is set.

>      - Directory containing image files for pVACview. Not generated when running only with presentation and immunogenicity algorithms only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

This should fix the issue with this table not rendering.

> 

Author: This table doesn't seem to be showing up on the webpage

   * - ``Evaluation``
     - Column to store the evaluation of each variant when evaluating the run in pVACview. Either ``Accept``, ``Reject``, or ``Review``.

.. _ml_prediction_output:

<sample_name>_predict_pvacview.tsv Report Columns
--------------------------------------------------

> The ``<sample_name>_predict_pvacview.tsv`` file is generated when using the :ref:`add_ml_predictions <optional_downstream_analysis_tools_label>` tool or when running pVACseq with both MHC Class I and Class II predictions and the ``--run-ml-predictions`` flag enabled. This file contains all columns from the Class I aggregated file (``all_epitopes.aggregated.tsv``) with one additional ML prediction columns added.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``<sample_name>_predict_pvacview.tsv`` file is generated when using the :ref:`add_ml_predictions <optional_downstream_analysis_tools_label>` tool or when running pVACseq with both MHC Class I and Class II predictions and the ``--run-ml-predictions`` flag enabled. This file contains all columns from the Class I aggregated file (``all_epitopes.aggregated.tsv``) with one additional ML prediction column added.
```
